docs(tree): 完善树组件的说明文档 (#610)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/tree/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | allow-drop | `(info: { dropPosition: DropPosition, node: TreeOption, phase: 'drag' \| 'drop' }) => boolean` | `undefined` | A function that prohibit dropping inside leaf node. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| allow-drop | `(info: { dropPosition: DropPosition, node: TreeOption, phase: 'drag' \| 'drop' }) => boolean` | A function that prohibit dropping inside leaf node. | Whether to allow dropping. |
```
